#Download
Download Syncafee project: https://github.com/loyaltyarm/mac/tree/master/Syncafee

#Prerequisites/Requirements
•       McAfee ePO Agent installed
•	McAfee Endpoint Encryption for Mac (EEMac)
•	OS X Lion (10.7)
•	OS X Mountain Lion (10.8)

#References
•	ePO Packaging Tutorial by Clif Hirtle
⁃	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fKThl5TbH20SHAfgzwUKGhVqO9AguUqzExLSMloSkuE/edit?usp=sharing

#Overview
Syncafee seeks to aid Mac administrators deploying McAfee's ePO/FDE-(EEMac) products to client Apple computers OS Version 10.7 or above. Syncafee provides the client (or less-experienced Mac user) with an all-inclusive interface by which to deploy/assist/troubleshoot with command-line management tasks. The ePO and FDE products supplied by McAfee deploy separately, and provide only command-line functionality for performing synchronization tasks to the server. Moreover, the FDE (EEMac) product is deployed through the synchronization and server-queuing of ePO policy to encrypt the hard disk of a client Mac.  

When troubleshooting with a user/customer or onsite technician, there is little way to determine the status of a client machine's communication status without an interface to examine both log files (ePO and EEMac) and perform ePO synchronization tasks. Syncafee attempts to solve this problem by eliminating the command-line work performed by your user/customers.

No icons for the UI have been included to allow contributors or users of the project to implement their own UI look and feel.

#Development Info
This application was developed as a Cocoa-Applescript application in Xcode 4.6. It uses Applescript and ApplescriptObjC to perform all functionality. Syncafee uses garbage collection for memory management, due to its compatibility with the ASOC code used in the application.

#Future Enhancements
•	Better idle handling of tasks
•	Real-time sync of log files as sync tasks are performed
•	Convert to ObjC/ARC
•	Inclusion of NSPopover element to provide further details for the log file status indicator or other UI elements.
•	Improve 'Restart McAfee Services' task

#Credits
•	Code by Nick Cobb, loyaltyarm@gmail.com
•	Special thanks to Shane Stanley and Stefan Klieme

#Version History
•	1.0
⁃	Initial Release

#License
Copyright 2013 Nick Cobb

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
=======
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
{\info
{\author Linda Brigance}
{\*\company FedEx Services}}\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Download
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Download Syncafee project:\
\

\b\fs48 \ul #Prerequisites/Requirements
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'a5	McAfee ePO Agent installed\
\'a5	McAfee Endpoint Encryption for Mac (EEMac)\
\'a5	OS X Lion (10.7)\
\'a5	OS X Mountain Lion (10.8)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 References\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \'a5	ePO Packaging Tutorial by Clif Hirtle\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u8259 	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fKThl5TbH20SHAfgzwUKGhVqO9AguUqzExLSMloSkuE/edit?usp=sharing\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Overview\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Syncafee seeks to aid Mac administrators deploying McAfee's ePO/FDE-(EEMac) products to client Apple computers OS Version 10.7 or above. Syncafee provides the client (or less-experienced Mac user) with an all-inclusive interface by which to deploy/assist/troubleshoot with command-line management tasks. The ePO and FDE products supplied by McAfee deploy separately, and provide only command-line functionality for performing synchronization tasks to the server. Moreover, the FDE (EEMac) product is deployed through the synchronization and server-queuing of ePO policy to encrypt the hard disk of a client Mac. \
\
When troubleshooting with a user/customer or onsite technician, there is little way to determine the status of a client machine's communication status without an interface to examine both log files (ePO and EEMac) and perform ePO synchronization tasks. Syncafee attempts to solve this problem by eliminating the command-line work performed by your user/customers.\
\
No icons for the UI have been included to allow contributors or users of the project to implement their own UI look and feel.\uc0\u8232 
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs48 \cf0 \ulc0 Development Info
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone This application was developed as a Cocoa-Applescript application in Xcode 4.6. It uses Applescript and ApplescriptObjC to perform all functionality. Syncafee uses garbage collection for memory management, due to its compatibility with the ASOC code used in the application.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Future Enhancements\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \'a5	Better idle handling of tasks\
\'a5	Real-time sync of log files as sync tasks are performed\
\'a5	Convert to ObjC/ARC\
\'a5	Inclusion of NSPopover element to provide further details for the log file status indicator or other UI elements.\
\'a5	Improve 'Restart McAfee Services' task
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulc0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs48 \cf0 \ulc0 Credits\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls4\ilvl1
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \'a5	Code by Nick Cobb, loyaltyarm@gmail.com\
\'a5	Special thanks to Shane Stanley and Stefan Klieme\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs48 \cf0 \ulc0 #Version History\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls5\ilvl1
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \'a5	1.0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0
\ls5\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u8259 	Initial Release\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs48 \cf0 \ulc0 License\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Copyright 2013 Nick Cobb
\b\fs48 \ul \

\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\
\
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
\
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\
}
>>>>>>> added scripts directory
